samples: tfm: Port  the secure peripheral sample to nRF54L15 (#22222)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/tfm/tfm_secure_peripheral/README.rst

To start using a peripheral as a secure peripheral, complete the following steps:

> 1. In your application's :file:`prj.conf` file, enable the peripheral for use in the SPE by setting the relevant Kconfig options to ``y``
>    For example, the following setting assigns the TIMER1 peripheral as secure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your application's :file:`prj.conf` file, enable the peripheral for use in the SPE by setting the relevant Kconfig options to ``y`` (the following example assigns the TIMER1 peripheral as secure):
```

      CONFIG_NRF_GPIO0_PIN_MASK_SECURE=0x00800000

#. Assign the peripheral to the specific partition in the partition manifest YAML file `tfm_secure_peripheral_partition.yaml`_, located in the :file:`secure_peripheral_partition` directory.
   This step is required when the peripheral has security attributes that can be set by the user (such as split security attributes).
   Assigning the peripheral makes sure that the TF-M configures this peripheral as secure.

   For example, the following MMIO definition configures the TIMER1 peripheral as secure:

   .. code-block:: yaml
   
   
      "mmio_regions": [
              {
                      "name": "TFM_PERIPHERAL_TIMER1",
                      "permission": "READ-WRITE"
              },
      ]
   
   See `TF-M Secure Interrupt Integration`_  for more details on the MMIO regions.

>       "mmio_regions": [

Reviewer: You haven't removed this "old" code blocks from before the edits. They are now duplicated, and these old lines are breaking the build. Remove lines 90-95.

Author: Removed both, thanks!

      CONFIG_NRF_GPIO0_PIN_MASK_SECURE=0x00800000

> #. Assign the peripheral to the specific partition in the partition manifest YAML file `tfm_secure_peripheral_partition.yaml`_, located in the :file:`secure_peripheral_partition` directory.
>    This is used when the peripheral has user selectable security and it makes sure that the TF-M will configure this peripheral as secure.
>    See `TF-M Secure Interrupt Integration`_  for more details on the MMIO regions.
>    For example, the following MMIO definition configures the TIMER1 peripheral as secure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Assign the peripheral to the specific partition in the partition manifest YAML file `tfm_secure_peripheral_partition.yaml`_, located in the :file:`secure_peripheral_partition` directory.
   This step is required when the peripheral has security attributes that can be set by the user (such as split security attributes).
   Assigning the peripheral makes sure that the TF-M configures this peripheral as secure.

   For example, the following MMIO definition configures the TIMER1 peripheral as secure:
```

If the secure peripheral generates interrupts, complete the following steps to integrate the interrupt with the TF-M interrupt mechanism:

1. Define the interrupt source and handling type in the partition manifest YAML file `tfm_secure_peripheral_partition.yaml`_, located in the :file:`secure_peripheral_partition` directory.
   
   For example, the following IRQ definition configures the TIMER1 peripheral as secure:

   .. code-block:: yaml
   
      "irqs": [
            {
                    "source": "TFM_TIMER1_IRQ",
                    "name": "TFM_TIMER1_IRQ",
                    "handling": "FLIH"
            },
      ]
   
   See `TF-M Secure Interrupt Integration`_  for more details regarding the secure interrupts.

>       "irqs": [

Reviewer: You haven't removed this "old" code blocks from before the edits. They are now duplicated, and these old lines are breaking the build. Remove lines 119-125.

   The return value specifies if the Second Level Interrupt Handling signal should be asserted or not.

#. If the type of interrupt handling is defined as the Second Level Interrupt Handling (SLIH), or if the FLIH handler specifies the signal to be raised, the interrupt is sent to the partition as a signal, which needs to be cleared.
   How to clear an interrupt signal depends on the type of interrupt handling.

>    For example, the following code block shows have to reset a FLIH signal from TIMER1 and a SLIH signal for SPIM3:

Reviewer 2: have -> how

Author: Fixed, thanks!
